.\"
.\" Copyright 2013 Keith Packard
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its
.\" documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that
.\" the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in supporting
.\" documentation, and that the name of Keith Packard not be used in
.\" advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
.\" specific, written prior permission.  Keith Packard makes no
.\" representations about the suitability of this software for any purpose.  It
.\" is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.
.\"
.\" KEITH PACKARD DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
.\" INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO
.\" EVENT SHALL KEITH PACKARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
.\" TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
.\" PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.TH X-ON-RESIZE __appmansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
x-on-resize \- monitor for hotplug or screen reconfigure events
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B "x-on-resize"
[\-\-help]
[\-\-display \fIdisplay\fP]
[\-\-config \fIconfig-script\fP]
[\-\-resize \fIresize-script\fP]
[\-\-start]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I X-on-resize
is used to monitor the X display for output configuration changes
and/or screen resize events. When these occur, it can call external
programs to respond to the new display environment.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\-h, \-\-help"
Print out a summary of the usage and exit.
.IP "\-d, \-\-display \fIname\fP"
This option selects the X display to use. Note this refers to the X
screen abstraction, not the monitor (or output).
.IP "\-c, \-\-config \fIconfig-script\fP"
This option selects the external script to run when the set of
available outputs has changed. If not provided, x-on-resize prints
"config" on stdout.
.IP "\-r, \-\-resize \fIresize-script\fP"
This option selects the external script to run when the size
of the root window has changed. If not provided, x-on-resize prints
"resize" on stdout.
.IP "\-s, \-\-start"
This directs x-on-resize to run any defined scripts at startup time in
addition to when the specified conditions occur.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Xrandr(__libmansuffix__), xrandr(__appmansuffix__)
.SH AUTHORS
Keith Packard,
Open Source Technology Center, Intel Corporation.
